so I woke up this morning and this was
in the mail oh yeah black ops 2 you guys
finally arrived hardened edition here's
one I got because well I want to play
new town zombies basically and I don't
really care about the other stuff in
here butter yeah it's arrived it's an
awesome I amazon I love you because
you've sent me this game like what three
days early which is pretty phenomenal
and I'm just gonna be playing the crap
out of this basically you guys know how
excited I've been for this game and I
know how excited you guys have been to
so give this video a like if you are
pleased that I can basically play this
game for a little bit play bit of combat
training and because the servers aren't
actually up yet for multiplayer play
with the campaign play bit zombies and
it basically means I'm gonna have a bit
of a head start and be able to give you
guys tips right from release date which
is on Tuesday 13th of November when I'm
going to be allowed to upload videos of
this and yeah we doing well you guys
know what types of videos I've been
doing I'm going to be doing because I've
been talkin at it for ages now when
we're doing multiplayer tips what else
we're on multiple air tip zombies tips
guides probably some achievement guides
for some of the ones in the campaign
perhaps and just general like gameplay
commentaries and it's gonna be amazing
I'm so pumped for this game I haven't
actually opened this up yet I'm not
going to do an unboxing or anything i'm
actually short from even allowed to by
treyarch if you guys would be interested
in seeing what's in the hardened edition
though then leave a comment down below
and let me know and i'll upload one like
I said on Tuesday when I'm definitely
allowed to along with the whole load of
other videos that hopefully I'm gonna
have had time to make between now and
then so yes stay tuned hit that
subscribe button up there pretty sure
it's like there subscribe button there
to basically stay up to date with all my
latest videos and so you can stay tuned
and get ahead of the game when upload
videos on this anyway I'm gonna go play
this go and go and put this in my ankles
over there and
it's going to be incredible and other
than that guys I will see you in my next
video which probably no actually won't
be back ops 2 because I'm not allowed to
upload it but my next video will be
about black ops 2 so stay tuned and I'll
see you guys next time and I'm gonna
play this game right now okay so excited
goodbye peace